sessions/AD231-real-estate-predictive-ai.md, before:

# Transforming the Real Estate Industry with Data and Predictive AI

https://reg.summit.snowflake.com/flow/snowflake/summit25/sessions/page/catalog/session/1744973423866001Mmx9
- **Date**: June 2, 2025
- **Time**: 2:30 PM - 3:15 PM PDT
- **Location**: Room 210 (Moscone South, Level 2)
- **Session Code**: AD231

> Left Main REI is transforming the real estate industry by providing a purpose-built CRM solution that streamlines operations, enhances efficiency and supports business growth. Learn how they are bringing in multiple first- and third-party data sources while leveraging predictive AI to create a data platform that their real estate professionals can use to grow their business.

## Overview

## Key Points

- Challenge: Regulations changing quickly and fragmented tools
- "Core competitor is excel"
- Property data, lead scoring and buyer recommendations

## Technical Details

- Salesforce-based CRM
- Enrich existing CRM data and suggest actions or buyers
- Limited to 25 events per event with only 25 properties per event

Commit message:

Make AI fix typos and other minor errors
Prompt: Can you review all the files in my current project and fix typos, grammatical errors, and other obvious mistakes in my notes? The repository skeleton was created using the prompt in @/prompt.txt, and I added to these note skeletons throughout the conference. Don't worry about verifying schedule titles, room numbers, or other minor details for accuracy - just focus on improving legibility, formatting, grammar, and fixing clear typos and similar errors.

sessions/AD231-real-estate-predictive-ai.md, after:

# Transforming the Real Estate Industry with Data and Predictive AI

https://reg.summit.snowflake.com/flow/snowflake/summit25/sessions/page/catalog/session/1744973423866001Mmx9
- **Date**: June 2, 2025
- **Time**: 14:30 - 15:15
- **Location**: Room 210 (Moscone South, Level 2)
- **Session Code**: AD231

> Left Main REI is transforming the real estate industry by providing a purpose-built CRM solution that streamlines operations, enhances efficiency and supports business growth. Learn how they are bringing in multiple first- and third-party data sources while leveraging predictive AI to create a data platform that their real estate professionals can use to grow their business.

## Overview

Session about transforming the real estate industry with data and predictive AI using Left Main REI's CRM solution.

## Key Points

- Challenge: Regulations changing quickly and fragmented tools
- "Core competitor is Excel"
- Property data, lead scoring and buyer recommendations

## Technical Details

- Salesforce-based CRM
- Enrich existing CRM data and suggest actions or buyers
- Limited to 25 events per event with only 25 properties per event
